Q1: Write a program to print the area of a rectangle by creating 
a class named 'Area' having two methods. First method named as 'setDim' takes 
length and breadth of rectangle as parameters and the second method named as
 'getArea' returns the area of the rectangle. 
Length and breadth of rectangle are entered through keyboard.



Q2:Write a program by creating an 'Employee' class having the following methods and print the final salary.
0.constructor => empty, constructor(salary, hours)
1 - 'getInfo()' which prints the salary, number of hours of work per day of employee
2 - 'AddSal()' which adds $10 to salary of the employee if it is less than $500.
3 - 'AddWork()' which adds $5 to salary of employee if the number of hours of work per day is more than 6 hours.



Q3: Suppose you have a class called shape 
Shape will have some methods such as getArea and getParam. So override these two functions
in the child classes.
then there are classes called circle, square and rectangle that inherit the class shape 
//all classes should getters setters
Circle class will have raidius property and one default constructor and param constructor
Squara class will have length property and one def and para constructor
REctangle class will have length width and one def and para constructor

Test Case 
=> Circle c= new Circle()//5 should be initialized to radius if def cons is used 
   Circle c= new Circle(23);

=> Square s = new Square()//5
   Square s= new Square(2432);

=>Rectangle r= new Rectangle()// 5 5
  Rectangle r= new Rectangle(23,34)


  Q4:Create a class called 'Matrix' containing constructor that initializes the number of rows and number of columns of a new Matrix object. 
  The Matrix class has the following information:
  1.number of rows of matrix
  2 number of columns of matrix
  3 - elements of matrix in the form of 2D array
  
  The Matrix class has methods for each of the following:
  1 - get the number of rows
  2 - get the number of columns
  3 - set the elements of the matrix at given position (i,j)
  4 - adding two matrices. 
  If the matrices are not addable, 
  "Matrices cannot be added" will be displayed.
  5 - multiplying the two matrices

Q Write a program that has variables to store Car data like; CarModel, CarName, CarPriceand CarOwner. The program should include functions to assign user defined values tothe above mentioned variable and a display function to show the values. Write a main
that   calls   these   functions.  Now   write   another   runner   class   that   declares   three   Carobjects and displays the data of all three

Q A Student is an object in a university management System. Analyze the concept andidentify the data members   that   a   Student   class   should   have.   Also   analyze   thebehavior   of  student  in   a   university management System and identify the methodsthat should be included in Student class. 

Q8. Create a class  circle class with  radius as data member. Create two constructors  (noargument, and two arguments) and a method to calculate Circumference.

Q9 Create   a    class    Account    class     with     balance     as     data    member.    Create     twoconstructors  (no argument, and two arguments) and methods to withdraw and depositbalance.  Create a class “Distance” with two constructors (no argument, and two argument), twodata Create a class “Distance” with two constructors (no argument, and two argument), twodata




Q Constructor(s) that set all of the instance variables. 
  Public methods to get and set the instance variables. 
  A public method named calcCost( ) that returns a double that is the cost of the pizza.Pizza cost is determined by: Small: $10 + $2 per topping Medium: $12 + $2 per topping Large: $14 + $2 per topping  
   public method named getDescription( ) that returns a String containing the pizza size, quantity of each topping.   
Write test code to create several pizzas and output their descriptions. For example, alarge pizza with one cheese, one pepperoni and two ham toppings should cost a total of$22. 
Now Create a PizzaOrder class that allows up to three pizzas to be saved in an order.Each pizza saved should be a Pizza object. 
Create a method  calcTotal() that returns thecost of  order. In the runner order two pizzas and return the total cost.